Adding section on eDiscovery (#3232)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/manage-loop-components.md

To enable the Fluid Framework, run `Set-SPOTenant -IsFluidEnabled $true`. The change will take a short time to apply across your organization. 

The feature will be available on Teams Windows Desktop, Mac, iOS, Android, and web. When enabled, users will see a new option for inserting Loop components in the message compose experience for these clients.

To disable Fluid Framework, run `Set-SPOTenant -IsFluidEnabled $false`. The change will take a short time to apply across your organization. 

## eDiscovery

Loop components, Whiteboard on OneDrive, and OneNote collaborative Meeting Notes are discoverable but have limited eDiscovery workflow support. Currently, these files are stored in the creator’s OneDrive for Business and are available for search and collection in both core and advanced eDiscovery. However, they do not render in preview and the export format for review is not consumable by existing tools. To view the exported content, upload them to any OneDrive for Business.

> Microsoft is working on an offline consumable export format. In the meantime, if this workaround for review flows is not sufficient for your organization’s needs, you can temporarily disable these experiences as outlined in the [Settings Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/manage-loop-components#settings-management) section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft is working on an offline consumable export format. In the meantime, if this workaround for review flows is not sufficient for your organization’s needs, you can temporarily disable these experiences as outlined in the [Settings management](settings-management.md) section. 
```
